README.md, before:

# 🎓 Learnio — Kids Learning Platform

⚡ **Learnio** is a simple, colorful, and interactive educational web project designed for kindergarten kids.  
The project focuses on creating a friendly learning experience using basic web technologies, with special attention to simplicity, visuals, and engagement.

Built using **HTML, CSS, and Vanilla JavaScript** — no frameworks, just clean fundamentals.

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

🔗 GitHub Repository  
https://github.com/Abser10/Learnio

*(You can open `index.html` directly in the browser)*

---

## 🛠️ Features

✔ Kid-friendly and colorful UI  
✔ Simple educational layout suitable for nursery level  
✔ Interactive elements using JavaScript  
✔ Voice-related functionality for better engagement 🎙️  
✔ Fully responsive — works on desktop, tablet, and mobile  
✔ Clean and easy-to-read structure

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

- **HTML5** — Structure & Content  
- **CSS3** — Styling, Colors & Layout  
- **JavaScript (Vanilla)** — Interactivity & Logic  

---

## ⚙️ Installation & Usage

Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Abser10/Learnio.git

Commit message:

Enhance README with live demo and project goals
Updated README to include live demo link and project purpose.

README.md, after:

# 🎓 Learnio — Kids Learning Platform

⚡ **Learnio** is a simple, colorful, and interactive educational web project designed for kindergarten kids.  
The project focuses on creating a friendly learning experience using basic web technologies, with special attention to simplicity, visuals, and engagement.

Built using **HTML, CSS, and Vanilla JavaScript** — no frameworks, just clean fundamentals.

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

🔗 GitHub Repository  
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://abser10.github.io/Simple-Calculator-App/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Live-Demo-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="Live Demo Badge" />
  </a>
</p>
---

## 🛠️ Features

✔ Kid-friendly and colorful UI  
✔ Simple educational layout suitable for nursery level  
✔ Interactive elements using JavaScript  
✔ Voice-related functionality for better engagement 🎙️  
✔ Fully responsive — works on desktop, tablet, and mobile  
✔ Clean and easy-to-read structure

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

- **HTML5** — Structure & Content  
- **CSS3** — Styling, Colors & Layout  
- **JavaScript (Vanilla)** — Interactivity & Logic  

---
🎯 Purpose of the Project

Practice HTML, CSS, and JavaScript fundamentals

Improve DOM manipulation skills

Build a small real-world educational project

Design with usability and simplicity in mind

Create a shareable project for portfolio & demos

✨ Future Improvements

[ ] Add more learning sections (letters, numbers, colors)
[ ] Improve animations and transitions
[ ] Add sound effects and voice guidance
[ ] Support multiple languages
[ ] Convert the project to React in the future 🚀

👨‍💻 Author

Developed with care, creativity, and late-night focus ☕
by Ahmed Mohammed Abdelbaser
## ⚙️ Installation & Usage

Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Abser10/Learnio.git
